## Algorithm Practice 
You have a linked list and you want to find the kth to last node. Write a function  <span style="color:#059"> **kth_to_last_node**
</span> that takes an integer k and the head_node of a linked list, and returns the kth to the last node in the list.

* Understand(30%)
* Plan(45%)
* Code(25%)
* Test and Analyze(100%)

## Understand: Parthner A-Restate the Question
* Do it in your own words
* Helps your fully understand the question (eliminate misunderstandings)
* Buys you time

#### Questions
* What type of linked list is it?
* Does the tail link to the head?


## Understand: Example I/O & Edge Cases 
* "Test throughout"
* Designated top left corner

## Plan

### Plan: Brainstorm
* Brainstorm different approaches 
* Write out different approaches 
----
* First I would find the difference from the length of the list and subtract it from the k number then go through the linked list and find the kth element.
* Reverse the linked list and go k elements
* It's right there

### Plan: Pseudocode 

```
def kth_to_last_node(linked_list, k)
	length = 0 
	arr = []
	while linked_list.val do
		length += 1 
		arr.push(linked_list)
		linked_list = linked_list.next
	end
	
	return nil if if k > length
	return nil if k < 0

	newcount = length - k
	arr[newcount]
end 
```
### Code (Above)
### Test Code 
1. Find any bugs
2. Do any last analysis of time complexity and space complexity

# USE FUCKING POINTERS

## HOW TO PREP
* 2 Cracking the Coding interview or Elements of Programming Interview problems each day
* 1 Leetcode or Hackerrank problem per day
* Practice live and often- 2 Pramp interviews per week
* Take notes on your practice & study - what techniques are you using? When do you use them?
Other great resources: Codility, InterviewCake, MIT, Stanford, Princeton, Coursera

## Knowledge/Trivia
1. "Do you have a baseline understanding of various important subject in web development and can you communicate your understanding well?"
2. JavaScript, Rails, Ruby, SQL, HTML/CSS, React/Redux

* What is the even loop? How does it work?
* Tell me about the differences between ES5 and ES6
* "Lightning Rounds"

## How to Prep
* Review in order: JavaScript, SQL, React/Redux, Rails